docs: Add Nextjs notice (#349)
FuelLabs/docs-hub: docs/guides/docs/frontend-quickstart/index.mdx

# Next.js Fullstack Quickstart

> > A non-Next.js app will be available this Friday July 19th 2024

Author: ```suggestion
> A non-NextJs app will be available once https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/issues/2781 is merged
```

> > Note: A non-Next.js app will be available this Friday, the 19th

Author: ```suggestion
> A non-Next.js app will be available this Friday July 19th 2024
```
